[HUMMING]
HEY, SYRUS...
YOU'RE STILL UP?!
I JUST FOUND THIS
AWESOME WEBSITE, JAY!
OH, YEAH?
WHAT KINDA SITE
IS IT?
PEOPLE POST THEIR PROBLEMS
AND THEN GET ADVICE.
LEMME SEE.
"I HAVE MY SIGHTS
SET ON SOMEONE
"WHO'S OUT
OF MY LEAGUE.
"WHEN WE'RE
FACE TO FACE,
I BACK DOWN.
WHATTA YA THINK
I SHOULD DO?"
THAT'S EASY!
YOU THINK YOU CAN
HELP THIS GUY?
OF COURSE I CAN!
WATCH THIS!
"TRUST IN YOURSELF,
AND YOU'LL WIN
ANY MATCH!"
HE DOESN'T WANT
DUELING ADVICE!
WHAT?
IT'S A SITE FOR GUYS THAT
NEED HELP WITH ROMANCE!
UGH!
Boy: WHAT'S THIS?
"DEAR LONELY GUY,
TRUST IN YOURSELF,
AND YOU'LL WIN ANY MATCH."
THAT'S SOME
PRETTY GOOD ADVICE.
THIS GUY KNOWS A THING
OR TWO ABOUT LOVE!
I GUESS I'VE GOT
NOTHING TO LOSE.
WELL...TIME TO WIN
MY PERFECT MATCH!
I'VE WAITED SO LONG
FOR THIS MOMENT!
ALEXIS...YOU AND I WILL BE
A MATCH MADE IN HEAVEN!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
HUP-TWO-THREE-FOUR!
COME ON, GENTS!
WORK THOSE SKINNY
LEGS 'A YOURS!
YA KNOW, JAY,
LIFE WAS A LOT MORE FUN
BEFORE YOU STARTED ROOMING
WITH A DRILL SERGEANT!
OHH. MY SWEET ALEXIS.
YOU'RE SO BEAUTIFUL!
TODAY'S THE DAY
I POUR MY HEART OUT!
I JUST HOPE I DON'T
FAINT LIKE LAST TIME.
FASTER, YOU MAGGOTS!
I JUST WISH LOVE WAS
MORE LIKE DUELING.
MY CARD!
HUH? HEY LOOK!
SOMEONE LOST
A DUEL MONSTERS CARD.
WHAT'S QUIZ PANEL?
JUST READ
THE BOTTOM.
IT SAYS, "NAME
THREE SPECIAL WAYS
TO WIN A DUEL."
EXODIA...
FORBIDDEN BOARD,
AND THE UH...
OH, IT'S ON THE TIP
OF MY TONGUE.
Boy: HA HA HA!
HUH? WHO'S UP THERE?!
SOMEONE WHO KNOWS
MORE THAN YOU!
THE CARD'S
FINAL COUNTDOWN!
HEY, YOU'RE RIGHT!
I KNEW THAT!
SHOW OFF.
WHAT'RE YA CLIMBING
TREES FOR ANYWAY??!
WELL, I WAS--
LOOK, IT'S YUGI!
MADE YA LOOK!
HEY!
THAT WAS WEIRD.
TEN FOUR.
Alexis: WHAT ARE YOU
DOING DOWN THERE?!
MY HEAD!
JADEN!
WHAT'S THE DEAL!?
SPYING ON ME?!
THAT IS SO IMMATURE
EVEN FOR YOU!
HUH?
YOU ARE SO BUSTED!
SPY ON YOU?!
NOW WHY WOULD ANYONE
WANT TO DO THAT?!
GEE THANKS A LOT!
WELL, HERE GOES.
MY BIG CHANCE.
ALEXIS!
I'M HERE FOR YOU!
UNHAND HER!
"UNHAND"?
SHE'S GOT ME!
NEVER FEAR!
BOB IS HERE!
I'LL PROTECT YOU!
NO OFFENSE, BRO...
BUT I NEED PROTECTION!
WHAT YOU NEED'S
A LESSON IN CHIVALRY!
AND I'M YOUR TEACHER!
CLASS IS IN SESSION!
IS THIS GUY
LOOKING FOR A DUEL?
EITHER THAT
OR A DATE.
WELL ISN'T
THAT CUTE?
TWO DORKS FIGHTING
OVER LITTLE OLD ME.
SO WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
UH...MY NAME?
IT'S, UM, BOB BANTER.
SO YOU'RE
THE LOSER WHO'S
BEEN SENDING ME
ALL THOSE
LOVE LETTERS!
THEY WERE
ACTUALLY "SONNETS."
ALRIGHT!
IT LOOKS LIKE
"LAME" AND "LAMER"
ARE GONNA DUEL!
WE ARE?!
REMIND ME WHY!?
'CAUSE IF YOU
DON'T...
I'LL REPORT YOU
FOR SPYING ON ME
AND YOU'LL BE
EXPELLED!
SO TELL ME, JAY...
IS THAT A GOOD
ENOUGH REASON
FOR YA?
YEAH, I GUESS
THAT'LL WORK.
WELL, I'M HERE.
WHAT'S THIS
ALL ABOUT?!
A DUEL.
AND IF JADEN LOSES
HE JOINS THE SOCIETY
OF LIGHT!
REALLY?!
YUP.
HE HAD TO AGREE,
OR ELSE HE'D BE
KICKED OUT!
WHO'S HE DUELING?
SOME GUY FROM OUR
DORM NAMED BOB.
YOU MEAN BOB
"GAME SHOW"
BANTER?!
THE GUY'S NUTS!
HMM.
[THINKING]
NUTS, HUH?!
I'LL SHOW THEM.
JUST WAIT 'TIL I UNLEASH
MY GAME SHOW DECK!
LOCK'N'LOAD!
DON'T LOSE!
THANKS, SYRUS!
I, UH...DIDN'T
REALLY PLAN TO.
NOW GET
YOUR GAME ON!
IF YA DON'T MIND...
I'LL GO!
AND I'LL SUMMON
THIS GUY!
MY ELEMENTAL HERO
SPARKMAN!
THAT SHOULD DO.
NOW LET'S CHECK
OUT YOUR DECK, BOB.
YOU WANT IT?
YOU GOT IT!
I'LL START OFF
WITH THE SPELL CARD
SEARCH SHOCK!
I TAKE ONE MONSTER...
AND I SEND HIM RIGHT
TO THE CARD GRAVEYARD!
NOW I CAN USE QUIZ HOUR!
ARE YOU READY
FOR THE ULTIMATE CHALLENGE!?
SURE, WHY NOT!
I LOVE
A GOOD CHALLENGE!
UNH! WHAT'S
GOIN' ON!?
YOU KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS,
DON'T YOU, FOLKS!!?
IT'S QUIZ TIME!
A GAME SHOW?
MAYBE JADEN'LL
WIN A NEW CAR!
LOOK AT THE BOARD!
THE CATEGORIES ARE--
GIVE US A HAND, BUNNY--
OBELISK 10!
RA 10!
AND SLIFER 10!
FACE-DOWN!
FOR YOU AT HOME...
THEY'RE ACTUALLY MONSTERS
WITH ZERO ATTACK POINTS!
HUH?
HOW CAN HE FIGHT
WITH THOSE?!
THIS IS GREAT!
I ALWAYS WANTED
TO BE A CONTESTANT
ON A GAME SHOW!
SURVEY SAYS...TODAY
IS YOUR LUCKY DAY!
AND I'M YOUR DUELING HOST:
BOB BANTER!
NOW IF YOU'RE READY,
JADEN....
LET'S MAKE A DUEL!
[THINKING]
AS LONG AS I KEEP THIS UP,
ALEXIS HAS TO BE IMPRESSED.
IS HE LAME OR WHAT?
TIME'S UP!
AND ROUND ONE IS OVER!
BACK TO ME!
HERE GOES!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO AVIAN!
SPARKMAN: ATTACK
THAT OBELISK 10!
TIME FOR YOUR
NEXT QUESTION!
SOLDIER!
IF IT'S MULTIPLE
CHOICE GO WITH "C!"
THAT'S RIGHT!
AND IF IT'S
A NUMBER PICK 42!
THE QUESTION IS...
TO ACTIVATE
THE TRAP CARD
KNOWN AS
HUGE REVOLUTION...
NAME THE THREE CARDS
THAT NEED TO BE PRESENT
ON THE PLAYING FIELD!
SAY WHAT?!
I NEVER HEARD
OF THAT CARD!
HMM. HMM.
[BUZZER]
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE OUTTA TIME!
YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENS
NEXT, DON'T YOU!?
WE TAKE AWAY
YOUR MONSTER
PLUS FIVE HUNDRED
OF YOUR POINTS!
THE ANSWER WE WERE
LOOKING FOR IS...
PEOPLE RUNNING...
OPPRESSED PEOPLE...
AND FINALLY
UNITED RESISTANCE!
OOH. OH. REAL EASY.
LET'S SEE WHO'S BEHIND
CURTAIN NUMBER TWO!
IT'S NOT A NEW CAR.
IT'S OBELISK 20!
HUH?
ALEXIS! DO YOU
SEE WHAT'S
HAPPENING HERE!?
SOMEONE FINALLY FOUND
JADEN'S WEAKNESS!
MAKE HIM USE
THAT PEANUT
HE CALLS A BRAIN!
YOU'VE GOT A POINT THERE.
GUESS THIS GEEK
ISN'T HALF BAD.
HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
SHE ACTUALLY SAID
SOMETHING NICE ABOUT ME!
LEXY.
I'D LIKE TO PHONE
A FRIEND, BOB!
SO, AVIAN, HELP ME
OUT, WOULD YA!?
ALRIGHT!
WE'LL TAKE RA 10
FOR A HUNDRED, BOB!
SAY THESE
MONSTERS' NAMES!
GAGAGIGO...
GIGA GAGAGIGO...
'N GOGIGA GAGAGIGO
THREE TIMES!
YES! I RULE
AT TONGUE TWISTERS!
WATCH THIS!
GAGAGIGO!
GIGA GAGAGIGO!
GO--OHH!
THERE'S THE BUZZER!
WELL BETTER LUCK
NEXT TIME!
NOW, RA 20, COME ON DOWN!
CAN WE TAKE A BREAK?
SURVEY SAYS...
NOT YET!
TIME TO PLAY...
THE CLASSIC RIGHT
OR LEFT QUIZ.
OKAY. WHAT'S THAT?
JUST YOUR
NEXT CHALLENGE!
LET'S PRESS YOUR LUCK!
I START BY HOLDING
A CARD BEHIND MY BACK!
AND THEN YOU GUESS...
IS IT IN MY
LEFT HAND OR RIGHT?
GOT IT!
GUESS RIGHT,
AND YOU GET 500 POINTS!
GUESS WRONG,
AND YOU LOSE 500 POINTS!
IT'S LEFT!
CORRECT.
YEAH! SWEETNESS!
[THINKING]
IF HE KEEPS THIS UP,
I'LL LOSE THE MATCH
AND ALEXIS!
I PLACE THIS FACEDOWN...
AND I'LL BE BACK
AFTER THIS!
GOOD. ABOUT TIME!
I SUMMON
BURSTINATRIX!
NEXT I'LL
ACTIVATE...
MY O-OVERSOUL
SPELL CARD!
WHICH BRINGS MY
SPARKMAN BACK
FROM THE GRAVEYARD!
SPARKMAN...
LET'S SEE WHAT'S
BEHIND
CARD NUMBER ONE!
YOU PICKED
THE "SLIFER CHALLENGE!"
DO FIVE PUSH-UPS
WITH ONLY SIX SECONDS
ON THE CLOCK!
NO PROB!
I CAN DO IT IN FIVE!
THERE!
THAT'S FIVE!
[CUCKOO CUCKOO]
UNH!
YEAH!? WELL NO PRIZE
FOR YOU YET!
[THINKING]
STAY TUNED, BECAUSE
AFTER THESE MESSAGES,
THE REAL FUN BEGINS
WITH ROUND TWO!
ALRIGHT!
I'M READY FOR MY
NEXT CHALLENGE, BOB!
BURSTINATRIX!
SEE WHAT'S BEHIND
CARD NUMBER TWO!
SO WHAT'S NEXT?
IS IT MORE PUSH-UPS?
NO, JUST
A SIMPLE QUESTION!
WHAT ROUND IS THIS?
UH...I THINK I
KNOW THIS ONE, BOB!
ROUND FIVE!
CORRECT!
BUT YOU'RE NOT
DONE YET!
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE THIS!
QUESTION CHANGE!
SO MY POINTS ARE SAFE!
AND YOU GET
A BRAND-NEW QUESTION!
GO, OBELISK 20!
THE QUESTION IS,
"WHAT'S THE TOTAL LEVEL
OF ALL MONSTERS
IN THE GRAVEYARD"?
EASY! THERE'S
AVIAN...SO THREE!
[BUZZER]
I'M SO SORRY!
YOU SEEM TO HAVE
FORGOTTEN ALL THE MONSTERS
IN MY GRAVEYARD!
IT'S THIRTEEN!
AAH!
THAT'S NOT FAIR!
TURN YOUR ATTENTION
TO THE BOARD, FOLKS!
AND PLEASE HELP US
WELCOME
QUIZ PANEL OBELISK 30
TO THE GAME!
THAT WAS
A TRICK QUESTION!
WELL THANKS
FOR THE FEEDBACK.
BUT BROADCAST STANDARDS
CLEARLY STATE...
THAT ALL COMPLAINTS...
MUST BE SUBMITTED
TO THE NETWORK
IN WRITING!
YA KNOW, BOB...
I THINK...
YOU WATCH WAY
TOO MUCH TV, BRO!
JUST BELIEVE IN
YOURSELF!
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TA WIN!
[THIKNING]
WHERE'VE I HEARD
THAT BEFORE!?
THIS ISN'T
A COMMERCIAL BREAK!
SO WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR, BOB?!
[THINKING]
ALEXIS IS REALLY
CHEERING FOR ME!
WE'RE BACK, FOLKS!
I HOPE THEY CANCEL
THIS SHOW.
NOW...HUNTER CHANNEL
SPELL CARD, COME ON DOWN!
THIS ADDS RA 20
TO THE BOARD!
NOW DRAW A CARD,
AND IF IT HAS LESS
THAN 50 LETTERS
IN ITS TEXT, I LOSE
SEVEN HUNDRED POINTS!
I'M FEELIN' LUCKY,
BOB!
IT'S WILDHEART!
AND IT SAYS...
"THIS CARD IS
UNAFFECTED
BY ALL TRAPS!"
I COUNT
LESS THAN FIFTY!
ALRIGHT.
BUT WE'RE NOT
FINISHED YET!
IT'S THAT TIME
IN OUR SHOW WHEN WE ADD
A NEW QUIZ PANEL
TO THE BOARD...
SO PLEASE WELCOME RA 30!
BACK TO ME!
SO...I SUMMON
NEO-SPACIAN
AIR HUMMINGBIRD!
NOW CHECK OUT
WHAT A REAL
MONSTER CAN DO!
FOR EACH CARD
IN YOUR HAND,
I GET
500 LIFE POINTS!
THEN I PLAY THIS:
MY MIRACLE FUSION!
SO BURSTINATRIX
AND AVIAN COME BACK
FROM THE GRAVEYARD
TO FORM ELEMENTAL
HERO FLAME WINGMAN!
AND NOW, SPARKMAN...
GO GET RA 30!
YOUR CHALLENGE...
I PICK ONE RANDOM CARD
FROM MY DECK,
AND YOU HAFTA GUESS
HOW MANY MONSTERS
ARE PICTURED ON IT!
THE CARD I DREW IS
THE BIG MARCH OF ANIMALS!
THE WHAT?!
UH, ONE, TWO...
FIFTY?
SO CLOSE!
I WAS!?
BUT CLOSE
DOESN'T COUNT!
SO IT'S TIME
FOR YOUR PENALTY!
I PLAY DOUBLE IT!
SO THE DAMAGE TO YOUR
LIFE POINTS IS DOUBLED NOW!
GOOD NEWS IS...
YOUR SPARKMAN
GETS TO STICK AROUND
FOR A WHILE.
[GROANING]
GEE...THANKS!
FLAME WINGMAN,
OPEN SLIFER 30!
CHALLENGE: DRINK A BOWL
OF WATER IN ONE MINUTE!
SWEET! I'LL SEE YA
IN SIXTY!
59, 58, 57, 56...
[GLUG GLUG]
'N 3, 'N 2,
'N 1...0!
[BELCHES]
YES!
UNH!
WELL...IT LOOKS LIKE
THERE'S JUST ONE
QUIZ PANEL LEFT,
SO GO AND GET IT!
FOR YOUR FINAL QUESTION:
NAME THREE SPECIAL WAYS
TO WIN A DUEL!
HEY! I'VE HEARD THAT
QUESTION BEFORE!
HUH? OH NO!
IS THIS...
IT'S THE CARD
I DROPPED!
AWESOME!
I MEAN, EVEN JADEN
CAN'T MESS
THIS QUESTION UP!
TAKE YOUR TIME!
SO IT'S...
EXODIA...
AND, UH,
FORBIDDEN BOARD...
AND, UM...
ME AND MY BIG MOUTH!
HMM. GUESS I FORGOT!
[BUZZER]
Syrus and Hassleberry:
YOU FORGOT?!
REALLY!?
YOU...YOU FORGOT?!
[SQUAWKS]
WELL, I DIDN'T
EXACTLY "FORGET."
SO YOU MISSED
THE QUESTION ON PURPOSE?!
I COULDN'T USE
AN ANSWER
YOU GAVE ME, BOB.
YEAH BUT...
YOU WOULD'VE BEATEN ME!
DUELING'S ABOUT
BEING YOURSELF!
IF I CAN'T
COUNT ON ME...
THEN WHY SHOULD
I EVEN BOTHER?
I DON'T WANT
YOUR ANSWER!
I HAFTA
TRUST MYSELF!
SO I'LL THROW
THIS DOWN...
AND THEN I'M GONNA
WIN THIS DUEL
BY USING
MY OWN SKILLS!
[THINKING]
WAIT. COULD HE
BE THE ONE
THAT GAVE ME
THAT ADVICE LAST NIGHT?
THE GUY WHO TRIED TO HELP
ME WIN ALEXIS' HEART?!
WELL THE ONLY WAY TO DO
THAT IS TO BEAT HIM!
IT'S YOUR TURN.
THANK YOU...
BUT YOU CAN'T WIN, JADEN!
WHY NOT!? YOU'RE ALL
OUT OF QUESTIONS,
AREN'T YOU?
YOUR SHOW'S OFF
THE AIR, BOB!
YOU FORGOT
ABOUT SOMETHING.
OUR BONUS ROUND!
AND THE QUESTION IS...
READY?
WHAT'S THE NAME
OF THE MONSTER CARD
ON THE BOTTOM
OF MY GRAVEYARD?
ERR. HEY IS THIS
A TRICK QUESTION?
NO.
[THINKING]
ALL HIS MONSTERS
WERE QUIZ PANELS,
SO IT HAS TO BE
THE FIRST ONE
I ANSWERED!
IT'S OBELISK 10!
[BUZZER]
I'M WRONG?!
YUP!
I TAKE ONE MONSTER...
AND SEND HIM
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
AND BECAUSE YOU GOT
THE ANSWER WRONG...
THE RIGHT MONSTER IS
AUTOMATICALLY
SUMMONED TO THE FIELD!
SO WELCOME TO THE GAME,
QUIZZER PANEL 9!
AND WITH THIS
ON THE BOARD...
ALL PREVIOUS QUIZ PANELS
RETURN TO MY DECK!
NO WAY!
YOU MEAN...I GOTTA
DO ALL THIS AGAIN!?
NOT QUITE!
WE'RE OUT OF TIME!
BUT YOU GET
A CONSOLATION PRIZE!
WITH SPARKMAN'S MERE
1,600 POINTS...
HE GETS AN ALL-EXPENSE
PAID TRIP TO THE GRAVEYARD!
BUT WAIT!
SINCE YOU'RE DOWN
TO A HUNDRED POINTS...
WHATTA YA SAY WE MAKE IT
A ONE-WAY TRIP FOR TWO!
QUIZZER PANEL ATTACK!
HA HA! I ACTIVATE...
MY SECRET
MISSION TRAP!
OHH!
YOU LIKE GAMES?
WELL THEY DON'T GET
MUCH BETTER THAN THIS!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS!
YOU RANDOMLY CHOOSE
ONE OF MY MONSTERS.
AND THEN YOU HAVE TO
THROW DOWN WITH HIM!
OR YOU CAN TAKE
WHAT'S BEHIND
CURTAIN NUMBER TWO
AND JUST SKIP YOUR
TURN ALTOGETHER!
A GAME?
THE OUTCOME
OF THE DUEL'S
ON THE LINE!
WANNA PLAY, BOB?
IF YOU PICK
SPARKMAN, YOU WIN.
BUT IF YOU PICK
WINGMAN, I WIN!
BUT YOU CAN'T ASK
THE HOST A QUESTION!
WE NEED
AN ANSWER, BOB!
THE LEFT!
SPARKMAN!
AT LEAST I HOPE SO.
Both: HERE GOES.
OH NO!
HOLD ON!
'CAUSE THERE'S
A WHOLE LOT MORE
TO COME, FOLKS!
WITH MY FLAME WINGMAN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY...
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF YOUR DESTROYED
MONSTER COME OUT
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
OH. AAH!
AAH! AAH!
WELL...APPARENTLY
JADEN'S NOT SO BAD
AT GAME SHOWS AFTER ALL.
WAIT. SO THAT'S IT?!
I SHOULDA STAYED
IN BED THIS MORNING.
AW, MAN...I COULDN'T
WIN THE MATCH
OR ALEXIS'S HEART.
Jaden:
CHEER UP, BOB!
HUH?
YOU CAN'T GIVE IN!
YOU'VE
AN AWESOME DECK!
YA JUST GOTTA KEEP
PRACTICING, BRO!
AND ALWAYS
REMEMBER THIS:
IF YOU JUST TRUST
IN YOURSELF,
YOU'LL WIN
ANY MATCH!
IT WAS YOU!
YOU'RE THE ADVICE GUY!
THE ONE WHO EMAILED ME!
UH...
YOU GAVE ME
THE COURAGE I NEEDED
TO FOLLOW MY HEART!
TEACH ME
THE MYSTERIES OF LOVE.
I'LL DO ANYTHING--AAH!
HEY, BOB? I DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT LOVE!
SURE YA DO!
TEACH ME!
NO WAY! I'M A DUELIST!
NOT A LOVER!
WAIT! I JUST NEED
A FEW POINTERS!
SHOW ME THE WAY,
LOVE DOCTOR!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH YOUR
CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪